hello 500 distribution ear product video
again all right well we've got for us
this time someone got the Mario flying
squirrel from the news of Camaros you
came got the actual graphical version of
the squirrels this is a plush so a lot
more soft and cuddly but it's um
inside that was released last year okay
all for the Wii U I think one of the
best selling if not the best online on
that platform currently and this is the
flying squirrel so it's a character that
mario concern in c and i say look at him
embracing little bit sneaky i think you
know allows fly those those kind of
attributes so like you know specially
special sort of ability versions of
mario in the region will have exactly
yep because there is also a Luigi
version available as well as a yellow
and blue toad from the game as well on
our keynotes right as well offer us
comes with a you know safety
polypropylene bag or whatever it is so
yeah what I can say is nice and clean it
comes with the euro hooks well so and
and the size of this one I think this is
the 23 centimeter version raised it's a
small order to dis also a big 36
centimeter version available yeah
so this is as you mentioned smaller
version there's the swing tank things
hands from the music mariachi I wasn't
lying to you oh yeah I'm a man of my
word
there you go so proper up-to-date
version nice legal jargon and up see
what you all like to see the official
Nintendo sales you know you getting a
top quality product let's have a look
hang on yes they're in the official seal
and such the in focus and everything and
so yeah this is a sunny bright product
so yeah I think people know let's just
go from that nice soft materials
brilliant stitching no stone left
unturned you know he's got a nice filled
out head there head mother it's got a
nice feel to help mallet alright let's
have a look at him bit closer yep there
you can see that and you've got
sideburns there yeah they're all
sticking out yeah even the sideburns you
know I've got a nice little bit of a
little bit of text
to him rather than just being a thin bit
of material stitched on he's got nice
moustache there as well yeah it may say
so myself
sure enough that's it yeah not bad is it
no it's good
and there you go this is the it's got
the tail and he's also got the cape
which allows it to glide in the game
sucks in your fingers behind that cable
it's on you get through it's stitched to
his hands and he's ditched his arms but
goodness you know it's got a little bit
of leeway so you can actually have it
open like that if you want and I sort of
stretched out or if you want you could
just have his arms down by the side and
it's a little bit more closed that's it
what about if I look through I mean what
we you know I mean like fruited you know
I want to see can you get it completely
to his back always say no no no put your
hand through yep so you can get you get
your hand right through there these go
it's my fingers comment oh right we
could have stitched across he's it
stitched across his trapezius I believe
that's the great if you say so
and some concern Nora correct me if I'm
wrong on that
so there you go says yeah a fine
squirrel nice big nice big hat to fit
those those big ears and he's got my
still beanbags these feet yeah extra
weight ok sit in town and again you know
the tails nice and plump as well so
really always as always expected buddies
products you know top-quality wherever
think everything's there in it like this
everything's intact exactly i reason is
in the game all the suits there is tau
cape a lot flying squirrel mario
Maris ice crusher so there you go from
the game new super mario brothers you do
yeah i think so it's a long that's a new
keys he's a real nice little addition to
the range on it you know get married
outside he's conventional in a red or
blue or he's fire mario so it's nice to
see these you know sort of special power
up versions yeah being available and
you're real collector
if you want so let's have one more one
more looking if you can do free honors
here you can spin him round so we can
see everything back side of him
I'm just lever a bit more detail so you
can see him sideburns mustache okay and
everything so that's it
Mario squirrels yes thank you yeah
thanks for watching
sellout bye Sam